Add link to instructions on how to delete and org on Sourcegraph Cloud (#37709)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/organizations/deleting_org_on_cloud.md

# Deleting your organization on Sourcegraph Cloud

> To delete an organization on Sourcegraph Cloud, follow these two quick steps:

Reviewer: Are these steps identical? If so, couldn't we give a link to the handbook instead to avoid maintaining two places?

# Deleting your organization on Sourcegraph Cloud

> Closing down an organization on Sourcegraph Cloud is a straighforward proccess - you can find the steps [here](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/engineering/dev/process/cloud_processes/#closing-down-an-organization-on-sourcegraph-cloud) in our Handbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closing down an organization on Sourcegraph Cloud is a straightforward process - you can find the steps in the [handbook](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/engineering/dev/process/cloud_processes/#closing-down-an-organization-on-sourcegraph-cloud).
```
